KEP-4381: Add pciBusID standard device attribute definition (#5669)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-node/4381-dra-structured-parameters/README.md

We are reserving the `kubernetes.io/` domain (and subdomains) prefix for
attributes and capacities for standardization by the Kubernetes project. This
reservation allows us to define common attributes that can describe hardware

> characteristics across resources from different vendors. Currently, we maintain a number of such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characteristics across resources from different vendors. This KEP proposes that 
we maintain a number of such
```

This is a proposal; it should describe a change from current to a new desired state.
